Updates API ref for jobs. Adds doc on Kubernetes Scheduler persistent (#4256)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/reference/cli/dapr-init.md

|        N/A            | DAPR_HELM_REPO_PASSWORD | A password for a private Helm chart  |The password required to access the private Dapr Helm chart. If it can be accessed publicly, this env variable does not need to be set| |
|  `--container-runtime`  |              |    `docker`      | Used to pass in a different container runtime other than Docker. Supported container runtimes are: `docker`, `podman` |
|  `--dev`  |              |          | Creates Redis and Zipkin deployments when run in Kubernetes. |

> |  `--scheduler-volume`  |              |          | Self-hosted only. Optionally specify a volume for the scheduler service data directory. By default, scheduler data is not persisted and not resilient to restarts without this flag. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|  `--scheduler-volume`  |              |          | Self-hosted only. Optionally, you can specify a volume for the scheduler service data directory. By default, without this flag, scheduler data is not persisted and not resilient to restarts. |
```

**Install**

Install Dapr by pulling container images for Placement, Scheduler, Redis, and Zipkin. By default, these images are pulled from Docker Hub.

> > By default, a `dapr_scheduler` local volume will be created for Scheduler to be used as the data base directory. The host file location for this volume is likely located at `/var/lib/docker/volumes/dapr_scheduler/_data` or `~/.local/share/containers/storage/volumes/dapr_scheduler/_data`, depending on your container runtime.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> By default, a `dapr_scheduler` local volume is created for Scheduler service to be used as the database directory. The host file location for this volume is likely located at `/var/lib/docker/volumes/dapr_scheduler/_data` or `~/.local/share/containers/storage/volumes/dapr_scheduler/_data`, depending on your container runtime.
```
